help yourself
oh yeah I'm looking for a good mystery
on something off the beaten track like
The Maltese Falcon oh that is a
fascinating story but here's one has
everything that Falcon added more it's
Raymond Chandler's latest bestseller The
Big Sleep what a picture that'll Bank
mind if I look at it
Oh
sometimes I wonder what strange fate
brought me out of the storm to that
house that stood alone in the shadows I
probed into its mysteries every clue
told me a different story each had the
same ending murder every instinct warned
me to beware there's something more
dangerous more deadly than I'd ever
known before was in that room and
suddenly
[Music]
I like that like more
that's even better
you